feat(windows): Handle routes and DNS (#2889)
CloudFire-LLC/cloudfire: rust/windows-client/docs/manual_testing.md

# Tunneling

If you can't test with resources that respond to ping, curl is fine too.

- The tunnel can route public-routable IPs, e.g. 1.1.1.1, for public resources

> - All resources accessed by domain will get a private network address, e.g. 10.0.14.19, even public resources

Reviewer: I know these are internal docs, but might be good to have the realistic addresses here.

```suggestion
- All resources accessed by domain will get a CGNAT network address, e.g. 100.64.96.19, even public resources
```

- When the client is signed in, all DNS requests go to Firezone first, so that it can route public resources

## Signed out

Given the client is signed out or not running, when you ping...

1. [ ] a public resource by IP (e.g. 1.1.1.1), it will respond through a physical interface
2. [ ] a protected resource by IP (e.g. 10.0.14.19), it will not respond
3. [ ] a non-resource by IP (e.g. a.b.c.d), it will respond through a physical interface
4. [ ] a public resource by domain (e.g. example.com), the system's DNS will resolve it, and it will respond through a physical interface
5. [ ] a protected resource by domain (e.g. gitlab.company.com), the system's DNS will fail to resolve it
6. [ ] a non-resource by domain (e.g. example.com), the system's DNS will resolve it, and it will respond through a physical interface

## Signed in

Given the client is signed in, when you ping...

1. [ ] a public resource by IP (e.g. 1.1.1.1), it will respond through the tunnel

> 2. [ ] a protected resource by IP (e.g. 10.0.14.19), it will respond through the tunnel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [ ] a protected resource by IP (e.g. 100.64.96.19), it will respond through the tunnel
```
